okay so here is another toy that is from
your dad's generation or maybe even your
Grandpa's generation okay this is
another one of those what we call
capsule toys and this is made a remake
in super mini size of what they had back
then you know which like I said the
original toy was maybe like a foot tall
or something like that and it did have
actual diecast metal parts in there
which this toy did honor so show you the
box just like that
okay now go ahead and take him out he
does have the same instruction or little
pamphlet thing to show you what other
ones were available so you can see there
is a guitar one there's him mock Baron
and there is the UFO robot grendizer and
there is black writing I'm not sure if
I'm pronouncing that right
okay so we take him out and he's in this
plastic bag and he's a big mess so check
out his his legs are apart basically
okay here he is upper body okay kind of
hard to say what exactly is supposed to
move and what exactly isn't so kind of
bear with me this right here his silver
part right here in his lower body all
this right here is all diecast metal so
that's awesome that they did that his
legs are plastic and the rest of him is
plastic so I just shoved the his legs in
and boom you know we get mocked baron
you know he's the main character he's
the good guy of his own show basically
it's almost like a Ultraman touch show
where you know the pilot jumps in him
and you know this guy comes out kind of
like Big O if you've seen that and he
fights the bad guys ok except it was
live action it wasn't a cartoon and if
you notice in his foot right here
there's this white thing what it is is
his foot is almost like a garage and
this super flying car is able to come
out so they put that in there and then
one thing that this guy was known for
was all of his weapons are like internal
so they come from his body so like you
know he had the typical fist that comes
out and punches you know stuff like that
missiles from the chest you know
lightning bolt I is that type of stuff
so they were all from his body so he
didn't really carry like a sword or
anything so I believe there was an
episode where his arm for both arms
actually came off and he had to fight
monster like that so it was kind of cool
that they made it like that I don't know
if they did that on purpose to actually
you know
so you can reprieve to show yourself or
something okay but let me go to his foot
right here okay there's a supercar okay
you can see it popping out and it's
really cool because they made it to
where you could take it out so let me
try to remove this thing it's kind of
difficult but it I told her this was an
old show so it's actually a super
version of a nissan z i don't know if
you can how much you can see that but
i'm going to try to show it's super tiny
it has quite a bit of detail believe it
or not and maybe against my hand it's
better you can see better you know so
that's a super car and it just drives
and in this way you know you kind of
want to put it to where it's facing that
way but in the show he could just drive
into his foot at any time and the car
does fly so actually you know what he it
drives into his back and then there's
like this elevator shaft that goes all
along his leg and then it rotates you
know and then the foot is like a garage
it opens up and then it launches from
his foot but it dachshund is back you
know that's that's what I remember I saw
some I did some research because I had
never seen the show what not but because
he's such an old old toy you know from
way back when so this is this is you
know this is it mock Baron it's pretty
cool retro stuff whoops